DOC-2171: change documentation entry for TINY-9744 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2900)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== The pattern replacement removed spaces if they were contained within a tag that only contained a space and the text to replace
// TINY-9744

> An issue that affected {productname} 6.3.1, identified an problem that affected the `cleanEmptyNodes` function, that is responsible for removing nodes that contain whitespaces within it.
> 
> As a consequence, in some specific cases, the pattern would remove the whitespace, if they were within a tag that contained only whitespace.
> 
> {productname} 6.7, addresses this issue by updating the `cleanEmptyNodes` function that now preserves cases of nodes in which that contain whitespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, a problem was identified with the `cleanEmptyNodes` function. This function is responsible for removing nodes that contain white space.

An inadvertent consequence of an earlier fix to this problem was that, in some specific cases, the function would remove white space contained within tags that, themselves, only contained white space. This was white space it was not expected to remove.

{productname} 6.7 address this and the `cleanEmptyNodes` function now preserves these nodes, as expected.
```
Suggested edit.
